<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
<head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>Group Therapy</title>
    <script src="index.js"></script>
    <script src="arena.js"></script>
    <script src="drawing.js"></script>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css">
</head>
<body>
    <div class="header">
        <div class="header-title">
            <h1>Group Therapy</h1>
        </div>
        <div class="other-links">
            <ol>
                <a href="#"><li id="about-button">About</li></a>
                <a href="#"><li>Updates</li></a>
                <a href="#"><li>Colophon</li></a>
                <a href="#"><li>Contact</li></a>
            </ol>
        </div>
    </div>
    <canvas id="canvas" style="display: none"></canvas>
    <div id="introduction" class="letter" style="left: 200%;">
        <div>
            <p>This is the introduction that Jack has written</p>
        </div>
        <div >
            <p id="exit-intro">X</p>
        </div> 
    </div>
   <!-- <div id="update-section">
        <div class="letter update">
            <p>Dear Master‚Äôs Students,<br>
                <br>
                Last year a group of graduating master‚Äôs students from across all of the departments, began meeting once a fortnight over dinner. We discussed each other‚Äôs projects and helped each other navigate our graduation outside the departmental framework, we called it¬†Group Therapy. During the first lockdown as we moved our discussions online the importance of an autonomous support group such as this within the academy became even more evident.<br>
                <br>
                This year the¬†KABK¬†has decided to support the programme to run until May and include a lecture series of sorts üéâ. We would like to invite you to join us in creating such a group again. It is not obligatory and it has no link to the curriculum, instead the aim is to create a space of support that we can all come back to. Guglielmo Giomi (Alumni of¬†Group Therapy¬†and¬†MAPS) and I (Alumni of¬†INSIDE) have come up with a light structure of a meeting once a week and a guest with a radio broadcast once a month. How these meetings look and who is invited to join for the broadcasts however is up to the whole group as it develops.<br>
                <br>
                Here¬†is an invitation to the first meeting on¬†Jitsi¬†on¬†Monday January 18th¬†at¬†20:30¬†CET¬†(https://meet.jit.si/GroupTherapyMeeting) to introduce ourselves and share ideas for how the project can develop this year. Also¬†here¬†is the booklet produced at the end of last year so you can see what went on.<br>
                <br>
                We look forward to meeting everybody,
                Jack¬†and¬†Guglielmo
                </p>
        </div>
        <div class="letter update">
            <p>The First Meeting<br>
                <br>
                We had an enthusiastic introduction meeting and despite a concern of being able to continue the energy of the sessions without physically being in the same place or sharing a meal together it seemed there was a lot of input for what Group Therapy could become this year. Thank you!<br>
                <br>
                Already we had ideas for using the sessions to create some unexpected encounters that are missing from the school, to break down the increasing gap between faculty and students and to help each other with practical workshops. There were also some clear themes arriving that could inform each other‚Äôs research.<br>
                <br>
                For those who couldn‚Äôt make it you‚Äôre obviously more than welcome at the next sessions, we are only just getting started.<br>
                <br>
                Next week (Tuesday 2nd 20:30pmCET)
                We are still on for the next meeting to take place on Tuesday 2nd at 20:30CET same place (https://meet.jit.si/GroupTherapyMeeting). Please let us know if you are not able to join. There is no limit to who can join the conversation but to keep the time down and the focus up only three people will show/talk about something that they are working on paired with a ‚Äúwhat I would like to know‚Äù question, let us know if you‚Äôre desperate to show something, if not we will contact some of you. Hope to see you there, along with some faces that couldn‚Äôt make it last week.<br>
                <br>
                Guests and Broadcasts<br>
                <br>
                Based on our brief introductions we have already started putting together a list of people that we think might be good to invite as a guest to the session in two a bit weeks time. We will discuss this at the end of the session so if you have any ideas then bring them along.<br>
                <br>
                For the session with the guest we will also be using radiomushroom.org to broadcast the conversation to anyone else who wants to listen in. Let us know if you want to be involved in the organising of this or help with creating promotional material for it.<br>
                <br>
                Website and Reference Archive<br>
                <br>
                We briefly discussed how we keep up communication and share reference. We have some budget to create a website for the project, it could be interesting and useful if we use the website as a central location for sharing resources etc. If anybody wants to be involved in the creation of this then again let us know, we will start on this soon!
                </p>
        </div>
        <div class="letter update">
            <p>Hey Everybody,<br>
                <br>
                Thanks for an amazing session on Tuesday there were a million references flying around my head this week. Some really interesting work going on and thoughtful responses too.<br>
                <br>
                It was great to have some new participants as well, keep inviting anybody who you think might be interested. We are still missing a voice from Art Science and Type Media, if anyone knows somebody who is graduating from MAAS or Type Media that would be interested please extend the invitation.<br>
                <br>
                Sharing Reference
                There was a lot of great reference being thrown into the chat this week. We have set up an are.na group (here is an invite to it) as our communal carrier bag. That link will add you as a member of the private group. We decided on are.na as it means that in the future if we want to make these references a public resource as our website then we can use are.na as the CMS. Let‚Äôs see how this goes and if it‚Äôs not useful for people then we can try a different platform, like notion that will give us a bit more of an organisational overview.<br>
                <br>
                Communicating
                We have created a Telegram group (invite here) to be able to send quick stuff and organise things. We will keep up this newsletter format as well to keep summing things up. Please add anyone that is missing!<br>
                <br>
                Next Session (Tuesday 16/02/2021 | 20:00CET)
                We will be inviting a guest to join us at the next session, which we will also trial broadcasting on Mushroom Radio. We will publicise this, probably on instagram so please share with others. If you have any ideas for who you would like to invite then put it in the Telegram. We have also created a channel on the are.na for Possible Guests.
                </p>
        </div>
    </div> -->
    <div id="container">
    </div>
    <div id="footer">
        <p id="drawBtn">Draw</p>
    </div>
</body>
</html>